docs: update hotplug.md (#3505)
cloud-hypervisor/cloud-hypervisor: docs/hotplug.md

# Cloud Hypervisor Hot Plug

> Currently cloud-hypervisor supports hotplug of CPUs (except for AArch64), passthrough devices, virtio devices and memory resizing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently Cloud Hypervisor supports hot plugging of CPUs devices (x86 only), PCI devices and memory resizing.
```
